[If you are unfamiliar with the Eve universe, briefly glance at the setting doc]

The /Hand of the Empress/ glitters in the darkness, its golden armor a beacon in
the light of the system's feeble sun. The /Hand/ watches and waits. Its exquisite
sensors extend the Lord's all-seeing gaze to every ship plying these spacelanes;
its mighty weapons bring His swift judgment to those found wanting. Nearly three
hundred meters long and home to fifty true servants of the Lord (along with
nearly a hundred of the lesser races - let it never be said that Her Navy is not
merciful), the /Hand/ is but a tiny part of the Amarr Navy's ceaseless defense of
the holy empire.

Marneus is rightly proud of his command. He gently touches the amulet underneath
his jacket and gives silent thanks to the Lord and Jamyl Sarum, the executor of
His will, for the honor of serving Him thus. As he enters the bridge, his battle
staff bow their heads in a moment of silent thanks; he acknowledges the gesture
with a bow of his own. He addresses his sensor officer: "Torvil, anything on
grid or on the scanner?" Torvil turns momentarily to his workstation and
inspects the display. "Nothing, sir. The /Divine Will/ reported capturing a
Gallente ship with expired paperwork, and we've seen a few small ships, but...
well, nothing interesting, at any rate." Marneus nods curtly, then turns to
speak to Arean. She is the chief engineer aboard the /Hand/; she, along with two
technicians and two dozen slaves, is responsible for the upkeep of the /Hand/'s
mechanical systems. "Status, Arean?" The faintest flicker of pride crosses her
face as she replies: "Near-optimal, sir. We managed to patch up all but one of
the damaged capacitor subarrays; the last part we need will arrive by shuttle in
about sixteen hours." "Good. Well done." He seats himself in his command
chair, and his executive officer relinquishes command to him. The bridge quickly
settles back into the comfortable near-silence of competent people doing their
jobs efficiently. He gazes out one of the bridge windows into the void,
irritated at his own restlessness. The /Hand/ is a fine ship, and while he knows
the defense of the Kari border is important, he cannot help but wish that his
ship were part of the great fleets even now marshalling to strike a blow against
the upstart slave races. Stealing glances around the bridge, he sees signs of
tension in the rest of his crew; they, too, are hungry to prove themselves.

Mem hums to herself inside her pressure suit. She can't pronounce the words to
the song, although she fumbles along like the rest of the slaves at their daily
religious instruction, the rigid, solid syllables of the Amarr tongue seeming
somehow too big to fit in her mouth. She is tethered to an attachment point on
the underside of the /Hand/. Mem has just had her daily Vitoc shot and the
euphoria is lifting her up and filling her, making her smile even as she pulls a
damaged armor plate from the hull and wrestles its replacement into position.
The golden plate (it's really a tritanium alloy, she knows, coated with a very
thin layer of golden paint, but she likes to imagine she's holding enough gold
to buy the entire ship in her hands) fits neatly into place, and she can't help
but feel a rush of pride at her own workmanship. She sprays a liquid solution
over the hole in the ice left by the micrometeorite and makes her way back
in through the airlock. Her overseer will be proud of her, she thinks.

"Captain! Hostile on directional, closing fast!" Marneus snaps out of his
daydreams of conquest. "Battle stations! Battle stations! Torvil, ship type?" "A
Stiletto, sir. /Divine Will/ says they got a visual on it at the Esa gate but
couldn't get a lock in time." A Stiletto. A junk heap that managed to pass for a
fast frigate among the slave tribes. Not quite a worthy opponent, but a lot
better than a drill. "Sensors, prepare to lock him up the instant he leaves
warp. Guns, energize, fit for... armor, I'll bet. We'll kill him before he knows
we're here. Sensors, did /Divine Will/ say who the pilot was?" Torvil, working
feverishly to prepare targeting, takes a few seconds to respond. "Goes by Rethyl,
sir. Marked as a pirate by the navy and an enemy of the Empire. Security status
neutral. Bounty is...  Lord. Bounty is one hundred and twenty million ISK, sir."
"Thank you, Torvil." "Prepared to lock as he exits warp, sir." "Laser batteries
energized, sir."

Just as predicted, the Stiletto exits warp a scant few kilometers from the
/Hand/, burning towards the gate as fast as it can. The /Hand/'s sensor officer
immediately begins locking the Stiletto and within seconds has a firing
solution.  "Target locked, sir!" "Guns, fire full alpha!" For the first time,
the /Hand/'s mighty laser batteries send the Lord's wrath lancing towards a
heretic's ship.  His fury sends the Stiletto's shields streaming away into the
void and begins to melt armor and structure alike. The Stiletto's lock breakers
come alive, filling space with howling electronic noise, instantly covering
Torvil's display with dozens of false targets. "He's jamming us, sir! Switching
frequencies, it'll take a few seconds, sir." The Stiletto makes good use of its
brief respite - as Torvil begins to reacquire his lock, the frigate slips
through the gate, passing close enough to the /Hand/ that Marneus can make out
just how shoddy the ship's construction is. "Navigation, jump! Now!" "But sir,
we're not to leave Imperial terr-" "NOW, Nav!  We are not letting this heretic
slip by us!" "Aye aye, sir. Jumping."

Marneus feels the brief tremor pass through the ship - Lord, he thinks, such
might you have to hurl these twelve thousand tons of tritanium and flesh through
the Void in the span of a second! - and watches as his ship orients itself.
Eleven kilometers off the Kari gate in Y-MPWL. The sensor suite begins to sweep
nearby space... "Sir! Multiple hostiles on grid... twelve distinct contacts!
Three cruiser-sized signatures, two destroyers, seven frigates, sir!" Marneus
feels his bloodlust desert him as terror begins to climb his spine: in his
haste, he has led his ship into a trap. "Mechanicals, repair systems on, prepare for
combat! Sensors, lock one of the cruisers! Nav, get us back to that gate, now!"
As he stops to take his first breath since they entered the system, Marneus says
a private prayer for his life and those of his crew. He knows, as does everyone
else on the bridge, that for all the Amarr navy's vast superiority over the
slave tribes' scrapheaps, twelve to one are very long odds indeed. His fate,
along with that of everyone else aboard the /Hand/, now rests in the hands of
the Lord, and so Marneus prays. His prayer is interrupted by a call from Nav:
"Sir, we're being webbed and scrambled by three of the frigates, sir!" The
/Hand/'s fate is now sealed: with the stasis webifiers leeching away precious
speed and the warp scramblers disabling the /Hand/'s warp drive, there is
nowhere to run.

Let it never be said that the /Hand/ dies in vain. By the time the enemy's guns
have stripped away her shields and torn her armor asunder, a destroyer and two
frigates are destroyed and a cruiser crippled - a record any Amarr captain would
be proud to have. A barrage of artillery fire shatters the ship's last layer of
armor plates near the crew quarters, and the ship's hull is opened to the
atmosphere. "Sir, we're in structure, sir!" comes the call from Arean, her
normally collected voice rising with fear. Marneus nods. Further resistance is
futile; now he must turn to saving his crew. "Guns, de-energize. Mechanical,
reroute all power to armor and shields, buy us as much time as you can. Overheat
if you still can. Watch officer..." - he hesitates for a moment, knowing that
he's about to doom the slaves aboard his ship, but he can't risk them
interfering with the evacuation of the Lord's chosen people - "seal the slave
quarters. Once that's done, everyone make for the escape pods."

Mem is standing inside the armory, about to remove her pressure suit, when she
hears the order for general evacuation go out over the ship's announcement
system. Using her in-suit radio, she calls to her Overseer, who is responsible
for every slave in this part of the ship, but he does not reply. Her alarm
begins to grow - could he have made for the escape pods already? Surely he
wouldn't have just... left her here, would he? She stares blankly at the door,
unsure what to do. Mem is no fool - she has no illusions about why the whole
ship is shuddering, and she realizes, somewhere in the back of her mind, that
she's about to die. Perhaps it's the Vitoc, but she doesn't find herself afraid.
She's still staring at the door, face uplifted in prayer to the Lord, when a
massive impact knocks her off her feet. Her head smashes against the inside of
her pressure suit's helmet, and unconsciousness reaches up and claims her.

"It's a complete mess, honestly, sir. The Amarrians made it out into the pods -
the /Nemyx/ scooped them up - but they abandoned the Minmatar they had aboard
and locked the doors after them. We... we must've holed the slave cells with one
of our barrages, sir, because when we got there it was hard vacuum. No survivors
there. Salvage crews are working as fast as they can, sir, but we've got maybe
another half an hour before the Amarr navy comes through here, and we'll need to
be long gone by then." Varax nods to his marine squad commander. "You and your
men did their best, Sergeant. Dismissed." The marine snaps a loose salute in
return and stalks off. "Damn," Varax says to himself. The trap had been laid
perfectly, only to be foiled by - what else? - bad luck. They'd been as careful
as they could to avoid the slave cells, but someone's aim must have been off. He
looks up and out one of the bridge windows of the /Herald/, staring at the
wreck of the Amarr cruiser.

"This'll have to be the last one - we need to be gone before the Amarr come
looking." "Got it," says Lillian. She's wishing she'd brought along someone who
can read the Amarr's strange, blocky script; they've been blindly cutting the
bulkheads of rooms to see what they can find. "We're through, sir." One of her
technicians forces the dismembered bulkhead in with his shoulder. It's
immediately obvious that this room, like most of the others they've visited, is
open to the void - there's a hole three feet across in the outer wall. "Looks
like an armory... oh!" The technician spots Mem unconscious in the corner; her
pressure suit doesn't look damaged, but the visor of her helmet has blood
dripping down it. He glances at the display of vitals on her suit's forearm.
Weak, but present. "Sir, we've got a live one! Looks like Minmatar, wearing
a pressure suit!" "Let's get 'em back over to the /Herald/, then. Salvage lead
reports the ship's mined, so we'd better hurry." The last Minmatar salvage team
makes their exit through one of the gaping holes in the ship's hull and is
swiftly tractored back to the /Herald/, where their unconscious find is taken to
the medical bay.
