Aboard the /Herald/, Varax stands at the bridge, watching his navigator at work.
There's no question that the woman knows her task well, and it's a pleasure to
watch such a large ship move with such grace. He feels a gentle tremor run
through the /Herald/ again as the ragtag fleet jumps into 9UY4-H - a modest
local trade hub, and their temporary home.

As Varax tries to discern the station they'll be docking at, one of the medics
they brought along (in anticipation of many rescued prisoners) approaches him on
soundless feet and lets out a small cough. Surprised, Varax whirls to face him,
and fires off a question: "Well, Cariad?" The medic grimaces. "She'll live. She
has a mild concussion and a superficial scrape on her face - nothing bed rest
and nanos won't fix. A few bruises we could see, most likely from the fall that
knocked her out. Unfortunately she's... well, as usual for those freed from
slavery aboard Amarr ships, she's infected with Vitoxin. A new strain, actually
- we've relayed all the data we have about it to Yrmori for analysis. They had a
  goodly supply of Vitoc on board and we managed to salvage it, so she'll be
alright for the next few months, but we'll need a new Yrmori to reverse-engineer
it and produce more of it after that." Varax nods slowly. "Good work - I wish we
had more for you to do. Dismissed." The medic nods curtly and leaves the bridge,
his frustration with the failed mission plain upon his face.

Varax knows right away that he can't take the rescue with him. The /Herald/ is a
combat ship, built as lightly as the designers felt they could get away with,
and has no medical facilities of its own; he can't guarantee her the medical
treatment she'll need, and even if he had a medic aboard, Vitoc customized to
her strain isn't something one can just buy. She'll need to be around 9UY4-H, if
not in it, to get it shipped from Yrmori. Besides, Varax thinks to himself, it'd
be a bit on the nose to take her right back into harm's way by the very same
slavers she's just been freed from. He'll drop her off at 9UY4-H, he decides,
and point her towards his sister's ship.

Mem slowly blinks herself into consciousness, only to be greeted with a vicious
headache. She's no longer in her pressure suit, she realizes, as the chill,
sterilized scent of recycled air assaults her nostrils. The euphoria from the
Vitoc is still with her, bubbling up from her subconscious, washing away her
apprehension about her unfamilar surroundings. As she opens her eyes and looks
around, she realizes she's lying on a bunk in a low-ceilinged cabin. Someone's
swabbed the area around the shunt on her forearm, she notices - she must've
gotten an injection or had blood drawn. She does, now that she considers it,
feel quite lightheaded, and she decides to stay lying down. She doesn't even
notice Cariad silently watching over her from the corner of the room.

As the /Herald/ enters the station's docking range, the navigator speaks a
command, and powerful tractor beams latch onto the massive ship and drag it
inside the station's cavernous hangars. Tunnels snake out from the edge of the
docking bays to connect to the exteriors of the /Herald/'s airlocks, the doors
are unsealed, and the warm, fetid air of Deliverance Station begins to flood
into the ship. They are home. The crew begins to file out of the ship, taking in
the sights and sounds of the station, seeking out favorite haunts and anxiously
checking the roster of docked ships for old friends.

In his quarters (temporarily repurposed by the medics as a sick bay), Varax and
the medic share a look. Their rescue seems almost preternaturally calm, lying
atop Varax's narrow bed, seemingly asleep. Varax approaches her, looking back at
Cariad, who beckons for him to let the woman sleep; Varax instead lays a hand
lightly on her shoulder and shakes her gently awake. "Ma'am?" She shakes her
head groggily for a moment, then her eyes snap open and she looks up at him.
"Oh... Lord, I'm sorry, sir!" She hauls herself unsteadily to her feet and
gives him her best Amarr salute. He scowls at her. "Can you walk?" She nods
meekly, afraid that she's offended him; without further ado, he leads her out of
his cabin, the medic following behind to steady her, and leads her into the
sensory assault that is Deliverance.

Mem finds herself taking up her rightful position, following two paces behind
the man leading her. She's surrounded on all sides by lights and sounds and
immodest images and tempting scents; it's difficult to keep her focus where it
belongs. Hundreds of people are around, talking, laughing, smiling, and again
she feels the Vitoc bubbling just beneath the surface of her thoughts, buoying
her upwards, making her want to laugh along with them. He seems to be leading
her to a restaurant - perhaps to be sold? She's worked in restaurants before,
although never off-world. He leads her to a booth in the corner, offers her a
seat, and dismisses the medic. For a moment there is an awkward silence between
them, then another woman sits down next to him and across from her; Mem smiles
at her, hoping for a good first impression, and feels a flood of relief when the
woman smiles back. Mem decides that she likes this woman - that smile she just
saw reached all the way up to her eyes, like she was genuinely pleased.

Introductions are awkward. Varax asks Mem her name, to which she replies with
"Mem, sir." He asks her to stop addressing him as "sir", to which she responds
with "yes, sir" - a habit gained by ten thousand reprimands is not, after all,
so easily overturned. He sighs. "My name is Varax, and this is my sister Elly. I
can't have you aboard my ship, but Elly knows people around here and she'll be
able to find you somewhere to go." Elly dips her head in acknowledgement. Varax
begins to relate the circumstances of Mem's rescue to Elly, but is interrupted
by the appearance of a waiter. Mem inspects him carefully, but can see neither
control collar nor marking tattoos. The waiter asks Mem for her order last; she
stares, dumbfounded, at the menu. Taking her hesitation for unfamiliarity with
the local styles, Elly recommends a thick, hearty dish for which she had a
fondness as a child; Mem nods her silent assent to the waiter, who scurries off
to the kitchen. Mem sits quietly, listening to the ebb and flow of
conversation around her, as Elly and Varax discuss matters she is not to concern
herself with. Try as she might, she can't figure out who she now belongs to; the
anxiety this causes her rises up and pierces the comforting haze the Vitoc
normally enshrouds her in, and she finds herself hoping it's the woman with the
smiling eyes.

Elly watches Mem, concern lining her face, while Varax tells her of his latest
victory. She's a former slave - the tattoo ringing her neck makes that plain -
and appears to be pointedly not listening. Elly interrupts Varax to direct a
question at Mem: "Mem, Varax says you were found in a pressure suit. Do you know
how to use them?" Mem nods meekly. "Yes, ma'am." "Were you a technician, Mem?"
"Yes, ma'am." "Would you like a berth aboard my ship, Mem? I need a second
technician for the ore-handling subsystems." "... yes, ma'am." Elly gives her a
curt nod. "I'll take you with us on our next trip out, and if you do well, I'll
make you a permanent member." Mem can't figure out what is appropriate to say,
so she just nods.

After they finish dinner and Elly pays, she leads Mem back towards her ship.
As they left the restaurant, Varax handed a black backpack to Elly, which she
handed to Mem in turn; Mem hears the clinking of glass from inside it, which
melds (with the aid of the Vitoc) into the background hum of the station to
produce a curious melody. Elly leads her on board her ship - a long, flat
rectangle of metal. "Welcome aboard the /Five of Cups/," she says, and takes Mem
to a cramped cabin. "ORE builds these with a lot of automation, so they need a
lot less crew than you'd think - we need about thirty people to run the whole
ship, which means there's room for everyone to have their own cabin. This one'll
be yours." Mem looks around, dumbfounded - her own room? She nods, gratitude
warming her cheeks, and Elly graces her with another smile. Mem feels her
anxiety start to dissipate - she can tell, just from the way she smiles, that
this woman will be a kind and generous owner. Elly leaves Mem to get settled,
closing the door behind herself; Mem sits heavily on the bed and considers her
new place in the universe.
