Mem only has a few minutes by herself before Caitlin returns to her berth, this
time with a man and another woman in tow; she introduces them as Sirio, the
chief engineer, and Kisti, the mining foreman. She finds her gaze lingering on
Sirio's face - she can immediately tell he is Gallente from the impossible
lightness of his build. His bones show through the taut skin of his cheeks,
blade-sharp; he reminds Mem somehow of the drab-colored birds of prey that
nested near her family's home when she was young. Even standing at rest, he
looks purposeful; he fixes her with an icy gaze, and she averts her eyes. "Mem,"
Caitlin says, "you'll be reporting to Kisti, but the other engineers aboard
mostly report to Sirio, so I felt you should meet both of them." Mem lowers her
head in a respectful bow to all three of her superiors.

Kisti walks swiftly down the ship's central corridor with Mem following behind.
Mem is fascinated by Kisti's greying hair - it is woven into a set of small
braids, each with a ribbon of a different color tied to the end. For all that,
Kisti seems disciplined. The way Kisti carries herself, the impassive look in
her eyes as she coolly evaluated her new crew member: these things speak volumes
to Mem of a lifetime spent in cultivation of self-control. She's known her for
less than thirty seconds and already she admires the older woman. Mem has
been taught the virtues of discipline, of temperance, of obedience, of humility
countless thousands of times, and she has come to admire these things in others
even as she strives to strengthen them in herself.

Kisti leads her new charge onto the bridge, sits down at her console, and brings
up a set of schematic drawings on the screen. "Have you ever seen one of
these before?" "No, ma'am." "Well, it's a... a mounting, basically, for a
special crystal that we fit into our mining lasers to make them more efficient.
Here's the schematic" - she displays a close-up of the assembly - "and here's
what the fifth mounting on our second laser array looks like." Her display
still shows the schematic, now overlaid over a photograph of a warped and
partially melted mounting. Mem winces just looking at it - the entire assembly
will have to be replaced. As if listening to her think, Kisti says "we have a
spare, fortunately, and I'd like you to swap the old one out for us. Can you
handle that?" Mem does not know what to make of the question - she is a
qualified technician, trained by the galaxy's mightiest navy to its exacting
standards. She could do this task in her sleep. Her brief surge of annoyance
deserts her as fast as it came, dissolving into the fog of Vitoc euphoria, and
she nods to her superior. "Yes, ma'am." "Well, get to it. We're leaving station
in under an hour and if we need any other parts I'd like to know soon." "Yes,
ma'am."

Mem finished unusually quickly, she knows, even by her own standards, and she
feels an anxious energy as she returns to the bridge to report to her superior.
She walks up behind Kisti, and says without preamble: "Finished, Ma'am." Kisti
turns slowly from her display to look at her. "Already?" "Yes, ma'am." That's
when Mem sees it - the slight upturn at the corners of the mouth, the momentary
flicker in the gaze. Her superior - her owner's proxy - is impressed with her.
She stands, eyes closing, and lets the feeling flow through her, the Vitoc
magnifying and enlivening it, turning it into a wave of happiness that washes
everything else out of her mind. This, Mem thinks, is the only feeling she'll
ever need.

Ten hours later, Mem is so exhausted she can barely stand, but she has done her
duty and done it well. Mem kneels by her bed and prays. She prays for the
strength to serve and for the wisdom to better know her place in the world, but
most of all she prays for salvation. She knows - she has always known - that she
is born of a flawed race, imperfect and unclean, and she gives thanks for all of
His servants who have seen fit to guide her along the path to redemption. The
path, though it be difficult to tread sometimes, will see her cleansed and
raised up into the ranks of His true servants. She closes her prayer, as she
always has, by asking the Lord for His blessings upon her master, and curls up
atop her bed.

Mem has to sleep, but she cannot. She has to sleep so that when she wakes she
can be given her dose of Vitoc. She wishes she could - she tries praying, asking
the Lord to grant her rest, but He does not see fit to. Perhaps the air aboard
this ship is different, or perhaps it's the unfamiliar noises. It took her two
miserable weeks to get used to sleeping aboard the /Hand/, during which the
ship's doctor had to put her to sleep every night. Mem stands up, smoothing her
rumpled uniform, and leaves her room to find the medical bay. It does not take
her long to realize there isn't one - after all, she realizes, there are only
thirty people aboard, so it hardly makes sense for there to be a doctor.
Instead, she finds herself in the crew's lounge, located under the bridge; it is
empty and just as quiet as the rest of the ship. The rest of the human crew are
asleep except for two watch officers on the bridge, with the ship's mining
lasers under the control of their capsuleer pilot. She begins to rummage for a
first-aid kit.

A rectangle of light flares into existence in the corner of the dimly-lit
lounge, and Mem whirls to face it, startled, only to see Caitlin's face looking
down at her. "Mem? Are you alright?" Caitlin looks oddly distracted, like she's
looking past Mem into the distance somehow; even now she is handling dozens of
the ship's functions herself. "I... I can't sleep, Ma'am." "Mem, please don't
call me that. 'Caitlin' will do." "Yes, Ma'am." "Really, Mem, you don't have to.
'Captain' if you must, but I really prefer Caitlin." "I'm sorry, Captain. I will
try." Mem feels profoundly uncomfortable addressing her superior in such an
impertinent way; slaves, she knows, never address the righteous by names or
ranks, but only by the proper honorifics. The Captain (how improper it feels to
think of her that way, even in her own mind!) wears a look of concern. "Is there
a reason you can't sleep, Mem?" "I... I don't know, Ma'am. Unfamiliar ship, I
think. When I first came aboard the /Hand/ it took weeks to get used to it."
Caitlin nods thoughtfully. "If you look in that cabinet, you'll find a small red
box; it has some pills in it that will make you sleep." Mem rummages around and
finds the box; as she opens it, Caitlin addresses her quietly: "Mem, where did
you work before you were on that ship?" Mem turns to reply, bowing her head
respectfully. "I was a technician in a factory, Ma'am." "And before that?" "A
cook, Ma'am, and I helped bring in the harvest." "Mem, have you always been a...
a slave?" Mem nods enthusiastically in reply. "Oh yes, Ma'am. I was adopted as
the servant of a righteous family before I can even remember. I have walked the
Path my entire life, that my children's children might be redeemed."

Caitlin keeps her face carefully expressionless. One of the hundreds of things
she and her exocortices are thinking about in this moment is how to keep Mem
supplied with Vitoc; missing even a single dose condemns the woman to a gruesome
death. She tries not to let this worry show on her face. She's met freed slaves
before, but never any raised from birth the way Mem was. For the first time,
Caitlin catches a glimpse of the breadth of the gulf the young woman must cross to
become free. She lets her attention slip away from her ship completely and
focuses herself on her newest crewmember.  "Mem, you understand that you are an
employee of mine, not my property, correct?" Mem gives her a blank stare in
response. "You don't belong to me, Mem.  You don't belong to anyone." Mem looks
up at the image of Caitlin's face earnestly; Caitlin imagines for a moment that
she can see tears in her eyes.  "May I go to bed now, Ma'am?" "Of course, Mem.
Sleep well." The display fades into darkness, and Mem flees to her room.
