Mem awakens after a night of fitful sleep to the sound of the Captain's voice.
"Mem? You're due for your Vitoc dose now." Still sleep-dazed, Mem looks around
the room. "Captain?" She hears Caitlin's gentle laughter in response. "Don't
worry, Mem, I can't see inside your room unless you invite me to, and I can't
hear you unless you address me directly. Go to the decontamination room once
you're ready." "Yes, ma'am." Mem sits up, feet on the floor, and pulls her boots
on, wishing that she had a spare uniform to change into. She desperately needs a
shower, and is puzzled to find that her berth appears to have its own
(admittedly tiny) ensuite bathroom. She is missing the loving embrace of the
Vitoc, but cleanliness is a virtue, and her own happiness can wait. She spends a
few minutes standing under the scalding water. Mem has always liked the water
too hot for comfort, even back on Tash-Murkon when she was allowed to change the
temperature any time she wanted. She likes to think that the stinging pain on
her skin is some tiny part of her own failings and impurities being washed away,
as if the water is the embodied will of the Lord, helping her feel clean and
whole. Mem knows, of course, that the taint of her race cannot be washed away
with mere water, and so she takes the time she is given to pray, thanking He Who
Guides The Fallen for the many gifts of her life, asking him to look after and
protect all those who have helped and will help her down the Path.

When Mem enters the decon room, she is surprised to find one of the ship's
officers there. She hands him the small backpack of Vitoc vials she was given;
she is glad to be rid of the stuff, for administering it to herself would be a
grave sin, and the temptation to do so is no small thing. She bows humbly, and
he offers her his gloved hand; she hesitantly takes it, and the warmth and
strength of his grip surprises her. She glances at his face, and she sees
a harsh and enduring fortitude in the set of his face, tempered by his look of
concern. The lines of his body, the fit of his pristine uniform, the set of his
jaw - in all these things she begins to see that this is a man accustomed to
full control of himself. Releasing her hand, he introduces himself: "I am
Dorias, the ship's defense officer. You are the new technician?" He asks the
question as though addressing the universe instead of Mem, and she stammers out
a reply: "Y-yes, sir." He gives her a thoughtful look, and then his eyes - a
deep grey, almost black - fix on the band of script tattooed around her neck.
"Slave?" Mem can only nod silently. "Heh. Don't let Sirio find out, or we'll
never hear the end of it. Sit down and I'll fit the vial into your shunt." Mem
takes a seat uneasily. While she enjoys the effects of the Vitoc very much, the
actual injections always make her feel lightheaded and nauseous. She despises
the feeling that her body is trying to reject the Vitoc - yet another way in
which it betrays her! - but, as the doctor on the /Hand/ said, there is nothing
for it but to be strong and endure. She tries to relax while he fits the vial's
tip into the shunt, but as always her face turns pale and she begins to sway;
muttering a curse under his breath, he claps a hand on her shoulder, steadying
her. The warmth of his hand mingles with the first rush of euphoria from the
Vitoc, and she finds herself smiling up at him despite the nausea. She is so
lucky, she thinks, to have people like Dorias in her life to be strong for her
when she falters.

Dorias is irritated. He has hundreds of things he'd rather be doing than tending
to this new technician, but there's nobody else on the ship with even a
semblance of medical training, and he at least learned the essentials during his
compulsory military service. He's so distracted thinking of what he has to do
next that he almost doesn't notice the change on Mem's face as the Vitoc starts
to take hold. She had been studying him with curious detachment, as though
she'd never seen a Caldari before - in fact, it occurs to him, she might not
have - but now her eyes are calm, watching him with unalloyed... trust? Is that
it? He wishes he understood the Vitoc's effects better.

Mem's eyes close gently as the last of the Vitoc drains into her bloodstream and
Dorias silently removes the vial, one of his hands still resting on her
shoulder. The lightheadedness starts to fade as soon the vial is gone. For a
moment Mem wishes it would stay just so Dorias would keep steadying her. It is
one thing - and a wonderful thing it is - to know that so many want to help her
along the Path, but it is another to /feel/ it on her skin. She is grateful
in this instant that Dorias is here for her. It puts her in mind of one of the
darkest times in her life, when she nearly found the Path too hard to tread: on
her eighth birthday, as part of of the First Ritual of Purification, she went
for three days without food or sleep, drinking only water, supplicating herself
before the Lord. Her mother stayed by her side, her presence lending Mem
strength. Many people have helped Mem along the path since then, some through
praise and some through punishment, but this is the first time since the First
Ritual that anyone has helped Mem just through being.

After a minute or so, Dorias helps Mem to her feet. She's floating by now, and
the world is alive around her. "Where do I go now, sir?" "Find your section
leader on the bridge, technician. Dismissed." "Yes, sir!" Mem almost runs down
the hallway, her face glowing. Dorias watches her go, leaning out of the
decontamination bay into the hallway, his left hand still holding the empty
Vitoc vial.

Kisti is at her workstation, thinking about breakfast. She has a lot to do -
yields are nearly ten percent below optimal. She has just remembered that she
actually has help now, and hence her task is merely herculean rather than
outright impossible, when Mem enters the bridge. Kisti stands up and Mem offers
her a small bow. "Have you eaten yet, Mem?" Mem shakes her head. She's actually
famished; she hasn't eaten since she was given to the Captain in the restaurant
in Deliverance. Kisti gives her a look of concern. "I didn't see you eating last
night... did you not get anything to eat?" Mem shakes her head again, and Kisti
gasps. "Mem! Come on, let's get you something to eat right now." She leads Mem
into the little canteen. The /Five of Cups/ isn't big enough to have a real
kitchen, so Jeret does the best he can in the little canteen; today's breakfast
is a Thukker favorite, thick and hearty and smelling of spices Mem can't place.
At Kisti's urging, Mem eats two full plates of the stew, feeling its warmth
spreading through her chest. While they eat, Kisti watches Mem curiously, like
she's some kind of unfamiliar animal. "Where are you from, Mem?" she asks, mouth
half-full of stew. Mem, her own mouth full, has to swallow quickly to answer. "I
was born on Tash-Murkon Prime Five, ma'am." "What did your parents do there?"
Mem blushes slightly. "My... my parents were farmers, ma'am. They took me in
when I was a newborn. I lived with them and worked on the farm." "They took you
in?" Mem nods. "I was born to impure birth parents, but my real parents took me
in to help me walk the Path to redemption." Kisti nods thoughtfully. She knows
how little she understands Mem's religion, so she asks: "What made your parents
impure?" Mem looks up from her food, surprised that Kisti does not know. "They
were Minmatar, like me." Kisti's gaze hardens a bit; she is Matar-born, to
Sebiestor parents who told her stories of how cruelly those Minmatar still
enslaved suffered under their Amarr masters. She replies softly, but her voice
has an edge to it: "I am Minmatar too, Mem. Most of the crew are." Mem nods.
"None of us can change what the Lord has made us." Kisti feels her anger start
to rise, but she strangles it before it can show itself. Mem doesn't know any
better, and being angry with her won't help that. Instead, she simply says:
"Finish up, Mem. We have work to do."

The smallness of the crew quarters belies the true size of the /Five of Cups/.
She is four hundred meters long and masses twenty thousand tons; of this, the
crew area is less than five percent, an afterthought, like a foreman's office
attached to a vast factory. The vast majority of her bulk is dedicated to her
single task: drawing ore into her massive cargo holds. The mechanical areas are
not kept pressurized, so Mem and Kisti wear spacesuits over their coveralls
before entering the airlock into the ship's industrial heart. Kisti swiftly
leads Mem down the narrow, winding maintenance passages - every meter given to
humans here is a meter stolen from the ship's real purpose - to one of the
gargantuan capacitor banks that feeds the ship's second mining laser. "Some of
the banks aren't running at optimal, I think. Find out which ones and fix them."
Mem bows in acknowledgement. "Yes, ma'am." "When you're done, come and find me.
I'll either be by the first laser's cap bank or back on the bridge." "Yes,
ma'am."

Mem loves working in mechanical spaces. She always has the feeling of being a
tiny part of something much bigger than her; when she looks at the ore conveyors
leading back to the caverous holds, carrying many times her weight in ore every
second, she can't help but feel insignificant. The work she's doing is routine,
she knows - pulling every bank out one at a time and testing it is not taxing -
but she finds an elegant, almost primal beauty in the motions of her own hands
as she goes about her task. Mem loves her hands, for they are strong and nimble,
the better to serve the Lord and her master; she loves her mind, for it is
focused and disciplined; she loves her heart, for it is tireless and devoted in
His service. Mem overflows with love, her thoughts beating in time with the
rhythms of the machines around her, her work as light and effortless and
unconscious as breathing, and she begins to sing.

Kisti is surprised to hear Mem's radio call a scant few minutes after she's
reached the first laser's capacitor array: "All done, ma'am. Capacitor at
optimal." "Are you sure, Mem? That was very quick." "Yes, ma'am." "I will meet
you back at the bridge, Mem." "Understood, ma'am." Mem walks back to the bridge,
feeling light on her feet despite the magnetic soles of her boots and the bulk
of the pressure suit. She stops in the airlock to strip back down to her
shipboard uniform, then makes her way to the bridge, where she sits by Kisti's
chair and waits. She looks around the bridge and sees the Captain's face visible
on a large display overlooking the room; sitting on the floor, looking up at her
owner's calm, collected face as she directs the officers on the deck, Mem feels
as though she can apprehend the entire scope of the universe; as though she can
feel every meter of distance between her and the furthest stars, as though every
single atom sits exactly where it should. For a single moment, for Mem, the
universe is as it should be, in every last detail.

As they always do, the perfect moment slips away. Time moves onward. Mem sits
and watches the Captain lead the ship until Kisti taps her on the shoulder. Mem
scrambles to her feet, embarassed to have been caught relaxing, and Kisti says:
"You're doing very well, Mem." Mem can't help but smile back at her as she waits
for her next order.

At the end of her second shift - this one nearly twelve hours long - Mem is
again thoroughly exhausted. She pulls her boots off and sits down in her bed,
pulling the sheets up over herself, and speaks to the air: "Captain?". A moment
later, as though she'd been waiting for the question, Caitlin appears on the
display set into the far wall of Mem's room. "Yes, Mem?" A question that has
been gnawing at Mem since breakfast rises to the surface. "Do you have other
slaves, Ma'am?" Caitlin looks surprised for a split second. "I don't have any
slaves, Mem. Everyone aboard this ship is free to leave whenever we make port
and go anywhere they please. What makes you ask?" "I... I was talking to Kisti
this morning, Ma'am, and she said that most of the crew are Minmatar, but I
don't understand... if they don't belong to you, who do they belong to?"
Caitlin's lips show the faintest trace of amusement. "Mem, we don't belong to
anyone. We are free people, just as free as anyone in Amarr." Confusion crosses
Mem's face - she hadn't realize Caitlin was Minmatar as well, but now that she
thinks about it, the Captain definitely has the look. Mem speaks slowly, as
though thinking through every word of her question before she says it: "Who
leads you down the Path to salvation, then? Who do you serve as your
penitence?" "I can't speak for the rest of the crew, Mem, but I don't believe in
the Path. I believe that the Lord created all the peoples equal and that we are
all equal still." "You don't... you don't believe in the Path?" Caitlin shakes
her head. "Most free Minmatar don't, Mem." Mem looks away from Caitlin quickly
to hide the distress on her face. "Is that what you wanted to know, Mem?" "Yes,
Captain," she says, her voice uneven. "Good night, Mem." The display on Mem's
wall fades, leaving her alone in the darkness.
