Mem awakens from a fitful sleep four hours later. Once the Vitoc wears off she
always has trouble sleeping, and now (on the "rest" shift) the ship is eerily
quiet. She wonders how anyone can sleep without the sound of others sleeping
around them. In all her life, Mem has not ever had a room of her own. As a
child, she shared a room with Rakhel, her family's other slave, who was old
enough to have been raised alongside Mem's adoptive parents. Since her family
sold her, she's always lived in communal slave quarters with no privacy or
solitude to speak of; aboard the /Hand/, they were always watched by the
overseers for any signs of bad behavior. Mem finds it disconcerting how periodic
the ship's mechanical noises are. Hesitantly, she addresses her owner again:
"Captain?" The display comes to life again, a look of worry on Caitlin's face.
"Yes, Mem? Are you alright?" "I'm..." - Mem feels awful bothering her Captain
with her personal failings, but she knows her work is more important than her
comfort - "... I'm finding it very difficult to sleep without someone else in
the room, Ma'am." "Well, would you like me to leave this display on so I'm here
with you? Would that help?" Mem nods up at the screen. She feels tears beginning
to well in the corners of her eyes; she knows, just knows, that her weakness
disappoints her owner, that even now the Lord watches and judges her. She blurts
out an apology - to the Captain, to her owner, to the Lord: "I'm sorry."
Caitlin's face radiates compassion. "It's alright, Mem. It is not difficult for
me to stay here, and as part of my crew, your well-being is my responsibility. I
will be here." Mem nods, curling up under her sheets again. As she drifts into
unconsciousness, Mem wonders why it felt so different when it was the overseers
watching over her as she slept.

By the next time Mem wakes, the cavernous ore bays are nearly full and the /Five
of Cups/ is preparing to chart a course back to Deliverance Station. Even as Mem
wakes to the Captain's serene face on the wall display, her name is being spoken
in the cafeteria. Dorias and Sirio are sitting at a table, across from one
another, heads huddled in conversation: "What do you think of the new
technician?" "Mem? Kind of short, black hair?" "That's her. What do you make of
her?" "Seems nice enough. No initiative at all, can't think for herself, but
from what Kisti tells me she's faster than you'd believe." "I meant... you
know." Sirio gives Dorias a look of barely-concealed contempt. "You know what
they do to their slaves, Dorias. She's not... not really a whole person inside,
I think. That's how they control them." Dorias gives him a thoughtful look,
chewing. "Might be something to that, y'know. It's sometimes better for everyone
if people know their places and stay in them." Sirio laughs in response. "What's
your place, then? Aren't you meant to be a CEO or something?" Dorias reddens
slightly; the fact that he deserted the inheritance his father worked so hard to
build is a sore spot for him, and he says nothing. "Pretty, though," he adds,
but Sirio isn't listening.

Fourteen long hours later, the /Five of Cups/ enters Deliverance's hangar bay.
An airlock snakes out from the wall to attach to one of the ship's matches; as
soon as the seal between ship and station is checked, the door is flung open and
the crew fans out into the waiting station. Caitlin supervises the unloading of
the ship. The /Five of Cups/, apart from the airlock and the ore chute, has
hundreds and hundreds of cables clinging to it like vines; tiny hair-thin
fiber-optic data links, power conduits as thick as a tree, countless cables for
countless purposes. It puts Caitlin vaguely in mind of the ancient legend of
Gulliver, being tied down with thousands of tiny strands. She is still somewhat
unsteady on her feet, profoundly disoriented to be back in a bipedal meat shell
instead of her ship. Caitlin is alone among the crew in not usually leaving the
ship when they dock. She finds life inside the reality the ship creates for her
much more pleasant - there, she exists as a being of godlike mental capacity and
few physical limits. Here, she's just another human. The relative frailty of her
body stings, but the loss of brainpower is horrifying - she finds that when in
her meat body, she can perform only two, perhaps three tasks at once.
Unfortunately, she has a pressing matter to attend to: she would like Mem to
experience freedom, even for just a couple of hours, so she has removed herself
from her capsule and is presently standing outside Mem's door, just about to
knock.

Mem is deep in prayer - with the crew on leave for the next twenty-four hours,
there is no work for her to do. She is meditating, as she often does, upon her
own past failings, reliving them; each time she feels the sting, she knows,
makes her more likely to succeed the next time. Abruptly, Mem is pulled out of
her trance by a knock at her door. She quickly stands up, smooths her rumpled
uniform to make herself slightly more presentable, then opens the door, bowing.
"Mem? Are you busy?" It's the Captain; Mem is fascinated by how precisely the
avatar she uses on the display screens represents her. Mem thinks for a moment -
she didn't get to end her prayer by speaking the Supplicant's Prayer aloud as
she normally does, but on the other hand, her owner's needs must preempt her own
salvation. Mem shakes her head. "In that case, would you like to visit the
station with me?" Mem can't say no, and in any case, she doesn't think she wants
to. She is being given a great opportunity, one that she does not deserve,
and she knows it. "I would like that very much, Ma'am." The Captain gives her a
cautious smile. The Captain's smile, for some reason, makes Mem feel proud of
herself; not just because she made her owner happy, but also because pleasing
the Captain in particular makes a warm, gentle glow rise up her spine and coil
around her brainstem.

"First things first, Mem. I couldn't help but notice that you've been wearing
a uniform with a grease-stained knee for the entire trip." Mem blushes
profusely, averting her eyes - not only was she unclean (already a heinous sin
in its own right) but her /owner/ was the one who had to point it out to her!
Mem nods to her, eyes downcast, cheeks burning with shame. "It's alright, Mem.
Do you not have any other clothes?" Only then does it occur to Caitlin - Mem was
rescued from a destroyed Amarr ship, of course she didn't bring anything with
her. Mem shakes her head. "Let's go into the station and we'll get you some
spares." "Yes, ma'am."

Caitlin wanders out into the station, Mem following a few respectful steps behind
her. "What kinds of things are we looking for, Mem?" She gets no response, so
she turns. "Did you hear me, Mem?" "No, ma'am." "Walk next to me, Mem, so we can
talk." "Yes, ma'am." Mem catches up to Caitlin and they walk together. Late in
the simulated day, the station is bustling, with thousands of people crowding
the catwalks in its central chamber. The crush of people reminds mem of the only
time she's ever visited a real planetside spaceport - picking up some goods for
the farm with her father. It's dazzling, utterly overwhelming; when she first
looked around, she felt adrift in a sea of temptation and sin. Deliverance could
not be more different from the tasteful restraint of the Amarr navy station the
/Hand/ was based out of. Glittering neon is everywhere, leaving trails in her
vision long after she's looked away from it. She got her last Vitoc injection
nearly fifteen hours ago, and the gifts it carries have nearly left her, but
still she sees and hears echoes, a haze of ghosts overlaid on everything. "What
kinds of things are we looking for, Mem?" Mem lowers her eyes to the floor,
where they belong, and replies: "I... clothes, ma'am?" Caitlin smiles at her,
kind laughter in her eyes. "What /kind/ of clothes, Mem?" "Sorry, ma'am." Mem
has no idea what to say. She's always just been given clothes the same way she's
been given food and a bed and work to do. Caitlin, sensing her hesitation:
"Well, do you like what you're wearing now?" "I think so, ma'am. I like having a
uniform." Caitlin is unsurprised. "Alright, we'll see what we can find." She
leads Mem into a small store where a saleswoman fusses and fawns over her. Mem
stands silently, answering questions when asked, posing herself as requested,
listening and watching attentively. Most of the clothes she is asked to try on,
she realizes, fit her better than the unisex slave uniform she's worn for the
past few years. Her uniform was made to be cheap, durable, and easy to keep
clean, with not a thought given to comfort. She looks at it lying on the floor
in the corner of the fitting room as the saleswoman holds up another jacket for
her to shrug into. Mem is proud of her uniform - the overseer for her section, a
slender, energetic young Amarr woman called Anama, showed her how to sew her
nametag to the breast pocket. It's the only thing Mem has ever really felt
belonged to her. Eventually, and after much prompting from Caitlin, she settles
on a drab utility outfit, a close imitation of the fatigues worn by low-ranking
women of the Republic Navy. It fits her so much better than her old uniform that
she feels a small rush of guilt for wanting it - but, she supposes, it is her
owner's choice, and if she sees fit to reward Mem's service with a more
comfortable uniform, so be it. Seeing herself in the shop's mirror is a
surprise. The uniform... well, fits, shaped much better to the contours of her
body. It feels indecent, almost, to make her femininity apparent.

Caitlin leads a heavily-laden Mem into a favorite restaurant of hers. Mem is
carrying half a dozen bags of clothing and other necessities for her cabin.
Caitlin is especially gratified that they managed to find boots that fit Mem
properly; the old ones she was wearing must have been picked almost at random.
All things considered, Caitlin thinks, they did very well; Mem now looks
noticeably better. They have gotten Mem nearly a dozen sets of clothes, some of
which are not dark grey. Shopping with Mem is frustrating to Caitlin, because
Mem will not say that she dislikes anything, and will thank Caitlin effusively
for any proferred garment; Caitlin has to watch Mem's face carefully to deduce
what interests her and what she's comfortable in. Her best guesswork has left
Mem with primarily a near-black gunmetal grey, but she also has one outfit each
in khaki, navy, olive green, and a flat black. Mem is again unable to choose
what to eat, so Caitlin orders for her. They eat together in quiet
companionship, and Caitlin decides to ask Mem about her salary. "Mem, I owe you
a few hundred ISK for that trip. Do you have an account you'd like me to put
it into?" Mem shakes her head. "You can make one, if you like?" Mem shakes her
head again. "Mem, I can't not pay you. That wouldn't be right. Do you want me to
open an account for you and put the money into it?" "I... I don't, ma'am. I
don't deserve money." Caitlin feels the beginning flickers of frustration.
"Alright, Mem. I'll hold onto it for you, and write you a contract for it that
you can take later." Mem doesn't like the idea of having such a contract, but
she says nothing.

After they've made their way back to the ship, Mem says her evening prayers,
curls up in her bed, and tries to fall asleep. Despite her exhaustion, sleep
does not come easily when she is by herself. Eventually, she falls into fitful,
dream-filled unconsciousness. Sometimes, when Mem sleeps, the Lord talks to her
through her dreams; sometimes He sees fit to bless her with visions of her
rewards in the afterlife, but more often He shows her memories of her past.
Tonight, though she knows not why, He sees fit to have her relive one of the
darkest days of her life.

Mem was fifteen. Her mother and father had instructed her not to help with the
harvest; instead, Rakhel and her mother spent a great deal of time washing her
and dressing her in unfamiliar clothes. Both older women looked like they were
on the verge of tears. Once Mem had been made presentable, her mother took her
to the front entrance of their farm, where her father and an unfamiliar man were
talking, a sleek transport idling on the road behind him. Her father looked
tense and upset as well; Mem could almost read the pain in his stance. Mem, her
mother, and Rakhel waited uncomfortably while the two men talked. Eventually the
men seemed to come to an agreement and her father handed the stranger a thin
sheaf of papers. Her father came back over to them, embraced her mother, and
embraced Mem. He spoke to her, a current of worry cutting through his booming
voice: "Mem, you... you have to go with this man and do as he says. He'll be
your new guide down the Path. Do you understand?" Mem was so shocked she
couldn't reply. "Mem? Do you understand?" She nodded quickly, but her father
must've been able to see the confusion and hurt in her eyes. He took her in his
arms once again and hugged her more tightly than he ever had before. "I'm sorry,
Mem," he said to her. "We don't have a choice, any more than you do." Mem
clutched her mother tightly, still not understanding, fear wrapping itself
around her; her mother held her for a long while, saying nothing, tears running
down her face. Finally, Mem's father cleared his throat. "It's time, Mem." Her
mother squeezed her tightly, then let go of her slowly, as though never wanting
their time together to end. Mem turned to face the stranger, waiting by the
transport, while her father embraced her mother tightly. He beckoned for her to
come to him. Casting one final look back at her parents, she turned away from
them, and then -

A soft knocking on the door of her berth drags Mem back onto the /Five of Cups/.
The Captain's voice comes from outside the door: "Mem? Mem, are you alright?"
Mem lies in her bed, trembling and sobbing, unable to speak. The door to her
berth slides open, letting the harsh glow of the ship's fluorescents into her
room. The Captain steps in and shuts the door behind her. "What's wrong, Mem?
Did you have a bad dream?" Mem nods, looking up at the Captain in the darkness.
Caitlin sits down on the edge of Mem's bed. She does not want to try to imagine
the horrors the life of a slave to the Amarr might involve, and she certainly
doesn't want to make Mem revisit them. "If it will help, Mem, I can stay with
you." Mem nods, looking miserable, and Caitlin sits down in the corner with her
back against the door. Caitlin doesn't need sleep, thanks to her extensively
modified neural architecture, so she meditates, letting her breathing fall into
a rhythm with Mem's. Mem drifts off to sleep again, and captain and slave pass
the night breathing as one.
