Mem awakens after a few more hours' sleep. It is roughly morning, shipboard
time; the ship's lights are a pleasant orange, reminiscent of the sun at dawn on
Tash-Murkon. The Captain is sitting in the corner of the room, legs crossed,
eyes closed. She looks profoundly peaceful. Mem lies still for a few moments,
watching the Captain's shoulders rise and fall as she breathes, then sits up and
stretches. Her yawn pulls Caitlin out of her shallow trance, and she too
stretches, getting to her feet. "I need to take a shower, Mem, but there's
something I'd like to talk to you about afterwards. Meet me at my cabin when
you're ready." Mem's heart skips a beat - she's never been invited to an
officer's cabin before, but she's heard enough from the other slaves when she
was aboard the /Hand/ to know what she needs to do. "Yes, ma'am," she says, as
Caitlin shuts the door to Mem's berth.

Mem stands under the shower, steam choking the air around her. This is one of
only a handful of times in her life she has ever had difficulty praying. She
tries to draw the litanies out of her memory and walk her mind through them, but
nerves distract her and draw her attention back to the Captain. Mem has never
thought of herself as pretty; certainly she's never drawn the eye of an officer
before. As she scrubs herself clean, Mem wonders what the Captain sees in her.
After she gets out of the shower and dries herself off, she decides to leave her
hair down instead of pulling it into her customary tight bun. She pulls on one
of her uniforms, then picks up the cosmetics case Caitlin bought for her
yesterday and looks at it apprehensively - at least now she understands why
Caitlin insisted they get it. Mem's mother taught her how to use them once, so
she fumbles with half-remembered advice.

Caitlin has just finished dressing and is sitting at her desk when she hears a
gentle knocking at her door. "Come in, Mem," she says, not looking up from her
display. She hears the door open and then close, and turns to greet her visitor.
Mem is visibly nervous, trembling slightly, but still smiling, and appears to
have put on... makeup? "Mem? Are you wearing lipstick?" Mem nods meekly. "Is
that not what you wanted, Ma'am?" Mem's cheeks start to flush with embarassment.
"What I wanted? What do you mean, Mem?" "When you... when you invited me to your
cabin, did you not want me to look attractive for you?" Caitlin now realizes what
Mem thought she meant, and she blushes in turn. "Oh! No, Mem, I didn't mean my
invitation like that. I just wanted to give you this." Mem's relief is visible
as she takes the small, glowing cube out of Caitlin's gloved hand. "What is it,
Ma'am?", she says, holding it up for closer inspection. "It's a contract, Mem."
It's not an ordinary contract, of course - Mem has no identity, so contracts
can't be assigned to her at any of the major brokers; instead, the small cube is
a bearer contract, pulling a few cells of skin from Mem's hands and binding
itself to her biometrics. "Whenever you want to, you can hand it to any bank and
they'll give you an account with the ISK I owe you." Mem holds it cautiously, as
though it might explode at any moment. "Do not lose it, Mem." "Yes, Ma'am."
"Now, shall we see if we can find Dorias to give you your vitoc dose?" "Yes,
Ma'am," replies Mem, pulling her hair back into her usual bun.

Dorias is on the bridge, his uniform pressed as usual, at his workstation. The
/Five of Cups/ has no weapons to speak of, but it does have thick shields and
armor to survive encounters long enough to escape, and he has has to ensure
everything's working properly. Dorias likes his work - he likes the
responsibility, likes knowing that the safety of the ship and its crew rests on
his shoulders. As Caitlin enters the bridge with Mem in tow, he stands and
salutes. "Morning, Captain. Everything nominal." Caitlin gives him a curt nod.
"Very good, Dorias. We're ready to undock in another eight hours?" "We're ready
to undock now if you want, Captain." "Excellent. Could you give Mem her dose of
Vitoc now?" "Yes, Captain." "Do you mind if I come along? I'd like to know how
to do it in case it's ever necessary." "Not at all, Captain." "Mem? Is that all
right?" Mem looks up from the floor at the Captain, wondering why Caitlin is
asking her. "Yes, Ma'am."

Mem sits in one of the decon room's metal chairs, the steel cold through her
uniform. Dorias is showing the Captain how to properly clean the shunt in Mem's
arm. The cotton ball he is using to swab it with alcohol looks surrealistically
dainty in his hands. Once he has cleaned the shunt, he shows the Captain how to
unseal the Vitoc vial, and Mem grits her teeth against the nausea as it starts
to flow into her body. "She gets a bit lightheaded during this bit -" Dorias is
mid-sentence when Mem suddenly sways. Dorias' hand lands on her shoulder with
the Captain's a split second behind. Caitlin quickly withdraws her hand from the
surprising physical contact, and Dorias continues "- so it's best to watch for
that." Caitlin, truth be told, is only half paying attention to Dorias; she's
watching Mem's face intently to see what happens to her as the drug takes hold.

The familiar nausea reaches up to torment Mem as the Vitoc starts to mix into
her blood. She looks up at the Captain, her vision going grey, her face
deathly pale. Dorias's hand burns on her shoulder, the Lord setting her nerves
alight to his touch, but Mem's eyes are locked on her Captain's face. As His
blessing flows through her veins, He graces Mem with the ability to perceive the
world as it truly is. Mem can taste her own feelings in the air, like they're
filling the room around her; she can feel, in every fiber of her body, how much
she trusts and loves both of them, as she trusts and loves everyone else who has
helped her along the Path. She's known these feelings all her life, but now
there's something new and unexpected in the air, spicy and foreign.

Caitlin sees Mem's pupils dilate rapidly as the drug takes hold. Mem's cheeks
are reddening further, she notices, underneath the blush Mem had applied
earlier, and her breathing is quickening. She can only wonder what the Vitoc is
doing to the poor girl's mind, but the effects on her body, at least, are
apparent. The vial is nearly empty, she sees - Dorias' eyes are firmly fixed on
it, although she thinks she sees just the faintest trace of a flush crossing his
handsome face as well.

Mem sees the Captain's eyes flicker to the shunt in her arm and the vial of His
gift. Just thinking about the gift - about how much Dorias and the
Captain must care about her to be here for her - fills Mem with a new rush of
joy, and she can't help but break into a smile. Mem's nerves tingle with the
electric glow of the euphoria the Vitoc brings, her heart aglow with love for
Him and her owner and all the others around her. "All done, Captain," Dorias
says, his voice taking on an echoing, choral tone that Mem could swear she
didn't hear before. "Now you just twist the vial to pull it out of the shunt,
like this, then swab the shunt with one of these disinfectant wipes. Much easier
than if we had to do the IV ourselves, I'm sure." "Thank you for the
demonstration, Dorias," replies the Captain, and her voice is that of one of His
angelic host, beautiful and commanding. Mem is looking up at her owner in awe,
for Caitlin's face is wrapped in a gentle halo of silver light; she looks...
regal, as Mem imagines the Empress looks. "Can you stand, Mem?" She can't not
obey that voice, so she gets to her feet, still slightly unsteady. "Not quite,
it seems." There is laughter in Caitlin's voice; it feels to Mem like spring
rain falling on her, and she can't help wanting to laugh along. "Dorias, you may
go; thank you." He salutes Caitlin crisply and leaves the room. Caitlin takes
hold of Mem's upper arm to steady her, and Mem relishes the feeling of her
Captain's firm gloved grip. Caitlin holds Mem steady for a few moments, letting
her catch her bearings. Mem feels a surpassing sense of wonderment; she doesn't
even remotely deserve to have Caitlin in her life, and yet the Lord continues
to provide; and for one fleeting moment, Mem wishes she had been right about
the Captain's invitation.
