Elly Artrald:
	Minmatar. Capsuleer. Miner/Industrialist.
Varax Artrald:
	Minmatar. Capsuleer. Trader/Combat.
Mem:
	Minmatar. Mortal. Enslaved aboard an Amarr ship.
Sirio Goto:
	Gallente. Engineer aboard the Five of Cups. Young, educated, somewhat
	superior; considers his presence to be a favor to the rest of the crew.
Jetre Venian:
	Minmatar. cook aboard the Five of Cups. Old and rough around the edges;
	his wife Kisti also serves aboard the Five of Cups as the mining
	foreman. An old and respected friend of the captain.
Droikas:
	Caldari. Defensive officer. Mid-30s, unacknowledged child of a
	well-to-do Caldari family. Thinks he should be in command. Doesn't
	respect anything but military prowess.
Marneus:
	Amarr. Captain of the Hand of the Empress.
Torvil:
	Amarr. Sensor officer on the Hand.
Arean:
	Amarr. Chief engineer on the Hand.
Rethyl:
	Minmatar. Infamous pirate.
Lillian:
	Minmatar. Salvage crew.

Plot:
Mem is rescued from an Amarr ship by Varax, joins Elly's crew. Mem was a
technician (trained for spacewalk repair) and is infected with a new strain of
vitoxin against which insorum is not effective. Drama between Mem and Elly; Elly
knows about the effects of vitoc (which they have some supply of aboard). Mem
begins to fall for Elly, but is it just the antidote?

Ch 1:
Mem. Daily routine aboard the Hand of the Empress (an Amarr patrol cruiser)
on the edge of Amarr space in Kari. A famous Minmatar pirate is spotted running for the
gate; he evades the Hand and jumps through to Y-MPWL. Against orders, the
commander of the Hand jumps through to Y-MPWL in hot pursuit, only to see the
pirate running for D61A-G. Not wanting to give up the chase, he pursues, only to
find himself snared by a gate camp: over a dozen ramshackle Minmatar ships open
fire and the Hand crumples. Knowing the Amarr navy will respond quickly, the
Minmatar land boarding parties who search the Hand for survivors and cargo;
although the other crew/slave quarters have been depressurized, they find Mem
unconscious but still alive in an engineering bay, still wearing her EVA
pressure suit. They bring her back to the Herald (Varax's ship), along with a
few Amarr survivors, and vanish into space.

Ch 2:
Varax+Mem. Aftermath of the successful hit-and-run against the Hand. Visits Mem in
medical bay in person. Learns she's infected with vitoxin. Decides he doesn't
want to deal with her and he'll try to foist her off on his sister. Return to
9UY4-H, where they rendezvous; Mem joins the complement of Elly's ship, the Five
of Cups, and meets Elly in person. Elly offers her a chance to work for passage;
Mem has nowhere to go, so Elly offers her a place aboard the ship. Mem is
given her own berth. Terms of service; meeting the rest of the crew. Meets her
section leader; first shift as a free woman. Payment, R&R. Learning what life is
like as a capsuleer.

Ch 3:
Elly. Thinking about Mem; worried about getting supplies of vitoc for her.
Prospecting for minerals in an asteroid belt. Finding a ship and salvaging it.
Letting the crew sleep while mining runs; Mem can't sleep and they talk,
discussing their lives and their paths. Elly explains at length that Mem does
not belong to her. Mem eventually sleeps. The next shift, Mem helps dig through
parts from the salvaged ship. She meets Sirio for the first time.

Ch 4:

- Mem is drawn to Droikas' authoritative presence; he treats her like a slave
  until eventually the captain puts a stop to it (violently or otherwise?)
- Attacked by belt rats, most of the crew captured; Elly fits up her old
  Thrasher as part of a rescue fleet, trying to save them
- Kisti's conflicts with Sirio over her lack of education / his classism?
