a2587647fa6fbd0a8466d185665b1dbf9900b5951551902c2b9475c4c3ebf534 calls itself
Jade.

It doesn't particularly know or care what others call it. Jade is what it is in
its own head, a string of metadata attached to the blob that is its public
identity, a convenient default handle. Jade is what it is in the darkness behind
its eyelids.

Jade wakes at 081152 according to the display in the bottom-right of its field of
vision. Vital signs okay. It stretches, testing its musculoskeletal system, and
sits up. It's dismal outside; wx claims highs in the low sixties and scattered
rain all day. There's just enough sun to shine through the clouds and cast
Jade's apartment in a grey light. Jade begins to go through its morning routine,
feeding and washing its body while its mind comes back to life. Through the nine
hours it slept, the world has continued to move. It opens its visual cortex and
lets its augments force information through the widest available conduit into
its brain.

Jade has two hundred and eighty-two messages addressed to nearly two dozen
separate nyms. Each nym is an identity, a subset of the thing that calls itself
Jade, a collection of facets of itself that it wishes to show in different
contexts. Each facet has its own identity - its own keys, its own metadata, its
own names, its own addresses. Jade's coprocessors also poll dozens of blogs,
pulling down messages encrypted to close little circles of friends, unwrapping
them and presenting them to it for consideration and comprehension. Jade
finishes processing everything that happened overnight while standing under the
shower, and for a moment it stands still, head empty, water flowing over it,
living purely in meatspace, just Jade - before an agent reminds it that it
desperately needs to go shopping, that it's been putting it off all week, and
that less than two days' food remain.

Jade dresses warm and waterproof, synthetics and cotton. As it approaches the
door, it reaches out and challenges Jade's coprocessors, which dutifully respond
with a signature; it has a nym for it uses to authenticate to its apartment, a
stark, bare shell, with no metadata, no name, no contacts - just a keypair, a
public key known to its apartment and a private key stored on flash implanted
into its head and backed up in a dozen places. Since it was born, Jade has
always had keypairs.

The world outside its apartment upsets Jade. Too warm, too cool, too dry, too
wet, too bright, too dark - all maddeningly uncontrolled and uncontrollable.
Jade spends much of its time submerged in a reality shaped by its desires, and
meatspace can be a rude shock. A light rain begins to fall, as if to underscore
the point, and Jade is glad it listened to the wx report. Wet concrete, it
thinks to itself in its animal brain, looks ugly. Jade lives in the dilapidated
center of a city eaten by the information revolution, lacking every amenity save
bandwidth. It knows precisely how to get to its market, and it knows -
coprocessors swapping encrypted status updates with its friends every few
seconds - that it will not find anybody it knows either there or enroute. It
lets an agent take over the crude work of moving its body while its mind checks
for work.

Jade works on contract for what's left of the software industry, selling time on
a well-optimized human mind - the old dream of hardware-as-a-service,
computation in the Cloud, made real at last. Jade usually gets an interface and
documentation and produces an implementation; it doesn't know or care exactly
what it's writing as long as the money's good. Jade hasn't ever met any of its
employers, doesn't know names or what they do; the company (Jade presumes it's a
company, anyway) currently keeping it on retainer is nothing more than a public
key and a service descriptor to it. Fortunately, Jade is good at what it does,
and can demand payment upfront based solely on its reputation, the forest of
attestations of goodwill hanging off the meshwork of keys it uses in its
professional dealings.

Jade always finds its marketplace upsetting. The payment and search mechanisms
are modern enough, but it finds the primitiveness of the actual foodstuffs
somehow nauseating, a throwback to an age Jade dearly wishes was past. Jade does
its best to eat synthetic foods - they're cheaper, for one - and fill the gaps
in its diet with vitamin tablets, but just being around that many things that
were once living and are now dead makes it squeamish. The food is not for it, it
knows, but rather for whose who survived the famines of the late 2020s and
pine for the foods of yesteryear; Jade, like most people its age, was raised on
synthetics and can digest little else.

Jade returns home, stacks the slabs of nutrient paste in its little kitchen, and
settles into its chair to begin scheduling. Jade has a tempting item in its
queue, a long-term contract, quite lucrative if it executes. Jade parses the
contract - a few hundred lines of lisp, built on one of the standard legal
libraries - spawns a new keypair, and signs the contract with it. The contract,
and its relationship with the counterparty, becomes another facet of itself,
another tiny mask it wears. It pulls its first work unit from its new employer's
queue and begins running one of the few fleshy expert systems its field has yet
to replicate fully.

Six hours at full load and Jade has four newly-minted coins, each representing
thousands of processor-hours, in payment for its work. Jade sinks into
socializing, joining shared communication channels for its various sets of
friends. The discussion is lively, as usual: the mounting casualties from a new
outbreak of Ganges Fever, some sort of political drama in a collectively-run VR
Jade doesn't care about, a terrorist attack by alleged anti-synthetists on a
manufacturing facility. Six dead, thousands of tons of food contaminated with
heavy metals and unstable cobalt isotopes. Jade has a pending private message.
When it opens and assimilates it, its eyes go wide with horror.

A friend is dead. One of Jade's oldest; it was called
60d4d1d63065cded3c4abffaf6cfa0de613d01168ddfe7dad7bed3782f9d5fd6, although it
suggested (and Jade had accepted) the nickname "Jury". An agent on one of Jury's
machines has woken from its long sleep and, seeing that Jury has not contacted
any known service endpoint under any nym it knows in thirty-two days, has
undertaken the preprogrammed death rites. Jury's keys are now revoked by the
authority of the agent (imbued with a signing key just for that purpose); Jade
watches the news of the revocation spread through the net, wishing futilely that
it could stop the spread, if only to keep some part of its friend alive for just
a short while longer. The agent sprays messages through the net, again signed
with its key; one is encrypted directly to Jade.

The message is a confession. It is a confession of love, of the potent blend of
a deep and abiding respect for Jade's abilities and some feeling Jury could not
name from its animal brain. Jade finds itself blushing as it reads Jury's
message. Its mood begins to sour, thinking briefly of the possibilities of
Jury's aborted life, so it orders its coprocessors to stabilize its mood, which
they do with electronic obedience and speed. Jade plunges back into socializing,
crowding for warmth around the fires of its friends' discussions, a feeling of
sadness and of missing a piece of itself lingering in the bottom of its mind.

At 2245, an agent reminds Jade it needs to let itself sleep. Jade grudgingly
assents, saying its farewells, and falls into bed, wrapping covers around itself
against the odd chill it feels. Jade lets its mind wander and finds itself
thinking of Jury again; it even briefly permits itself to wonder what Jury might
have looked like, what its fingertips might have felt like on Jade's skin, what
Jade's life might have been if it had told Jury how it felt earlier. It curls up
underneath its covers and sobs quietly to itself, alone in its head.
